:book: upgrade migration guide for v3 (#1916)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/migration/plugin/v2_v3.md

# Migrating your projects to use go/v3 plugin

Make sure you understand the [differences between Kubebuilder v2 and v3](/migration/v2vsv3.md)
before continuing.

Please ensure you have followed the [installation guide](/quick-start.md#installation)
to install the required components.

<aside class="note attention">
<h1>Note</h1>

This guide ONLY describe the steps required to change the layout of your project to starts to use the plugin `go/v3` but will not help you to address all bug fixes in improvements done in its scaffolds for what is generated already.

In this way, it is recommended to upgrade your project by following the [Migration Guide v2 to V3][migration-guide-v2-to-v3] instead which is the most assertive and straightforward way.
</aside>

## Steps to migrate

> <aside class="note attention">

Reviewer: `attention` isn't a valid class here, iirc (and this should have a proper title besides just `note`)

<h1>Note</h1>

The following steps
will not migrate the API versions which are deprecated `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1`, `admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1`, `cert-manager.io/v1alpha2`. 
</aside>

### Update your plugin version into the PROJECT file

> Please ensure you have followed the steps to upgrade your Project version to [v3][project-v3]. Then, update the `layout` setting to the new plugin version ` go.kubebuilder.io/v3` as follows:

Author: outdated

# Migrating your projects to use v3+ plugins

Make sure you understand the [differences between Kubebuilder v2 and v3](/migration/v2vsv3.md)
before continuing

Please ensure you have followed the [installation guide](/quick-start.md#installation)
to install the required components.

<aside class="note attention">
<h1>Note</h1>

> The most straightforward way to allow you upgrade your project to get fully to get all latest changes and improvements would be follow up the [Migration Guide v2 to V3][migration-guide-v2-to-v3].  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The most straightforward way to upgrade your project to get all the latest changes and improvements would be to follow the [Migration Guide v2 to V3][migration-guide-v2-to-v3].  
```
Maybe a little better this way?

```ymal
domain: my.domain
layout: go.kubebuilder.io/v3
projectName: example
repo: example
resources:
- api:
    crdVersion: v1beta
  group: webapp
  kind: Guestbook
  version: v1
  webhooks:
    webhookVersion: v1beta
version: 3-alpha
```

### Upgrade the Go version and its dependencies:  

Ensure that your `go.mod` is using the go version `1.15` as the following dependencies versions:

```
go 1.15

require (
	github.com/go-logr/logr v0.3.0
	github.com/onsi/ginkgo v1.14.1
	github.com/onsi/gomega v1.10.2
	k8s.io/api v0.19.2
	k8s.io/apimachinery v0.19.2
	k8s.io/client-go v0.19.2
	sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime v0.7.0
)
```

### Update the golang image 

In th Dockerfile, replace:

```
# Build the manager binary
FROM golang:1.13 as builder
```

With:
```
# Build the manager binary
FROM golang:1.15 as builder
```

### Update your Makefile

To allow the tool scaffold the new API versions and use properly the new controller-gen, replace:

```
CRD_OPTIONS ?= "crd:trivialVersions=true"
```

With:

```
CRD_OPTIONS ?= "crd:trivialVersions=true,preserveUnknownFields=false"
```

> To allow download the upper version of the K8S binaries required by EnvTest in the `bin/` directory of your project instead of use the globally setup, replace:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow downloading the newer versions of the K8S binaries required by EnvTest in the `bin/` directory of your project instead of use the globally setup, replace:
```

```
# Run tests
test: generate fmt vet manifests
	go test ./... -coverprofile cover.out
```

With:

```
# Run tests
ENVTEST_ASSETS_DIR=$(shell pwd)/testbin
test: generate fmt vet manifests
	mkdir -p ${ENVTEST_ASSETS_DIR}
	test -f ${ENVTEST_ASSETS_DIR}/setup-envtest.sh || curl -sSLo ${ENVTEST_ASSETS_DIR}/setup-envtest.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes-sigs/controller-runtime/v0.7.0/hack/setup-envtest.sh
	source ${ENVTEST_ASSETS_DIR}/setup-envtest.sh; fetch_envtest_tools $(ENVTEST_ASSETS_DIR); setup_envtest_env $(ENVTEST_ASSETS_DIR); go test ./... -coverprofile cover.out
```

<aside class="note warning">
<h1>Note</h1>

> The Kubernetes binaries that are required for the EnvTest were upgraded from `1.16.4` to `1.19.2`. And then, you can still install them globally by running: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes binaries that are required for the EnvTest were upgraded from `1.16.4` to `1.19.2`. You can still install them globally by running: 
```

```
os=$(go env GOOS)
arch=$(go env GOARCH)

# download kubebuilder and extract it to tmp
curl -LO https://storage.googleapis.com/kubebuilder-tools/kubebuilder-tools-1.19.2-${os}-${arch}.tar.gz | tar -xz -C /tmp/

# move to a long-term location and put it on your path
# (you'll need to set the KUBEBUILDER_ASSETS env var if you put it somewhere else)
sudo mv /tmp/kubebuilder-tools-1.19.2-${os}-${arch}.tar.gz /usr/local/kubebuilder
export PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/kubebuilder/bin
```

</aside>

> - Add the following new target to help you unedploy your projects: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add the following new target to help you undeploy your projects: 
```

```
# UnDeploy controller from the configured Kubernetes cluster in ~/.kube/config
undeploy:
	$(KUSTOMIZE) build config/default | kubectl delete -f -
```

> - Update the `docker-build` target to allow you work easily with podman, replace:

Reviewer 2: Something seems to be missing below. This mentions podman, but the code below continues to use docker.

Author: Provided further info 👍

else
CONTROLLER_GEN=$(shell which controller-gen)
endif

kustomize:
ifeq (, $(shell which kustomize))
	@{ \
	set -e ;\
	KUSTOMIZE_GEN_TMP_DIR=$$(mktemp -d) ;\
	cd $$KUSTOMIZE_GEN_TMP_DIR ;\
	go mod init tmp ;\
	go get sigs.k8s.io/kustomize/kustomize/v3@v3.5.4 ;\
	rm -rf $$KUSTOMIZE_GEN_TMP_DIR ;\
	}
KUSTOMIZE=$(GOBIN)/kustomize
else
KUSTOMIZE=$(shell which kustomize)
endif

```

With:
```
# Download controller-gen locally if necessary
CONTROLLER_GEN = $(shell pwd)/bin/controller-gen
controller-gen:
	$(call go-get-tool,$(CONTROLLER_GEN),sigs.k8s.io/controller-tools/cmd/controller-gen@v0.4.1)

# Download kustomize locally if necessary
KUSTOMIZE = $(shell pwd)/bin/kustomize
kustomize:
	$(call go-get-tool,$(KUSTOMIZE),sigs.k8s.io/kustomize/kustomize/v3@v3.8.7)

# go-get-tool will 'go get' any package $2 and install it to $1.
PROJECT_DIR := $(shell dirname $(abspath $(lastword $(MAKEFILE_LIST))))
define go-get-tool
@[ -f $(1) ] || { \
set -e ;\
TMP_DIR=$$(mktemp -d) ;\
cd $$TMP_DIR ;\
go mod init tmp ;\
echo "Downloading $(2)" ;\
GOBIN=$(PROJECT_DIR)/bin go get $(2) ;\
rm -rf $$TMP_DIR ;\
}
endef

```
### Update your controllers

<aside class="note warning">
<h1>Note</h1>

> The version of `sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime`. Check [sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime release docs from 0.7.0+ version][controller-releases] for breaking changes.

Reviewer 2: The first sentence seems to be incomplete. Is it trying to say that the version of controller-runtime was updated and check the release docs for breaking changes?
Since it wasn't clear before, I suggested to remove the first line from a similar paragraph in another file. Maybe that's no longer needed if we are stating about the version update.

Author: I think I could solve that

	log := r.Log.WithValues("cronjob", req.NamespacedName)
```

### Change Logger to use flag options

In the `main.go` file replace: 

```go
flag.Parse()

ctrl.SetLogger(zap.New(zap.UseDevMode(true)))
```

With:

```go
opts := zap.Options{
		Development: true,
	}
	opts.BindFlags(flag.CommandLine)
	flag.Parse()

	ctrl.SetLogger(zap.New(zap.UseFlagOptions(&opts))) 
```

### Rename the manager flags

The manager flags `--metrics-addr` and `enable-leader-election` was renamed for `--metrics-bind-address` and `--leader-elect` to be more aligned with k8s Kubernetes Components. More info: [#1839][issue-1893]. 

In your `main.go` file replace: 

```go
func main() {
	var metricsAddr string
	var enableLeaderElection bool
	flag.StringVar(&metricsAddr, "metrics-addr", ":8080", "The address the metric endpoint binds to.")
	flag.BoolVar(&enableLeaderElection, "enable-leader-election", false,
		"Enable leader election for controller manager. "+
			"Enabling this will ensure there is only one active controller manager.")
```

With: 

```go
func main() {
	var metricsAddr string
	var enableLeaderElection bool

> 	flag.StringVar(&metricsAddr, "metrics-addr", ":8080", "The address the metric endpoint binds to.")
> 	flag.BoolVar(&enableLeaderElection, "enable-leader-election", false,
> 		"Enable leader election for controller manager. "+
> 			"Enabling this will ensure there is only one active controller manager.")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	flag.StringVar(&metricsAddr, "metrics-bind-address", ":8080", "The address the metric endpoint binds to.")
	flag.BoolVar(&enableLeaderElection, "leader-elect", false,
		"Enable leader election for controller manager. "+
			"Enabling this will ensure there is only one active controller manager.")
```
Maybe the above code snippet should be this?
I created a new project from kubebuilder master branch and got the new code from that.

          requests:
            cpu: 100m
            memory: 20Mi
      terminationGracePeriodSeconds: 10
```

### Add the Liveness and Readiness probes

From now on, the new projects build with the tool will be scaffolding Liveness and Readiness probes using [`healthz.Ping`][healthz-ping]. To add them to your project update your `main.go file:

- By adding the new flag `--health-probe-bind-address`:

```go
func main() {
	var metricsAddr string
	var enableLeaderElection bool
	var probeAddr string
	flag.StringVar(&metricsAddr, "metrics-bind-address", ":8080", "The address the metric endpoint binds to.")
	flag.StringVar(&probeAddr, "health-probe-bind-address", ":8081", "The address the probe endpoint binds to.")
	...
``` 

- By using the new flag in the manager: 

```go 
mgr, err := ctrl.NewManager(ctrl.GetConfigOrDie(), ctrl.Options{
		Scheme:                 scheme,
		MetricsBindAddress:     metricsAddr,
		Port:                   9443,
		HealthProbeBindAddress: probeAddr,
		LeaderElection:         enableLeaderElection,
		LeaderElectionID:       "dd1da13f.testproject.org",
	})
	if err != nil {
		setupLog.Error(err, "unable to start manager")
		os.Exit(1)
	}
```

> - Then, add the new probes endpoints after the Manager be initialized:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Then, add the new probe endpoints after the Manager is initialized:
```

```go

> 	if err := mgr.AddHealthzCheck("healthz", healthz.Ping); err != nil {
> 		log.Error(err, "Unable to set up health check")
> 		os.Exit(1)
> 	}
> 
> 	if err := mgr.AddReadyzCheck("readyz", healthz.Ping); err != nil {
> 		log.Error(err, "Unable to set up ready check")
> 		os.Exit(1)
> 	}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	if err := mgr.AddHealthzCheck("health", healthz.Ping); err != nil {
		setupLog.Error(err, "unable to set up health check")
		os.Exit(1)
	}
	if err := mgr.AddReadyzCheck("check", healthz.Ping); err != nil {
		setupLog.Error(err, "unable to set up ready check")
		os.Exit(1)
	}
```
Got the above snippet from a newly generated project.

Author: We need to get merged: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/pull/1910

Reviewer 2: oh right, I remember that  👍

          initialDelaySeconds: 15
          periodSeconds: 20
        readinessProbe:
          httpGet:
            path: /readyz
            port: 8081
          initialDelaySeconds: 5
          periodSeconds: 10
```

### Roles (RBAC) bug fixes

From now on, the scaffolded roles include finalizer permissions ([more info](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/1654)). Feel free to add them to your projects. As an example:

```yaml
...
- apiGroups:
  - webapp.my.domain
  resources:
  - guestbooks/finalizers
  verbs:
  - update
...
```

Also, the following `configmaps/status` permission is no longer scaffolded since they are invalid. Feel free to remove it from your `role.yaml` file in `config/rbac/` directory:

```yaml
...
  resources:
  - configmaps/status
  verbs:
  - get
  - update
  - patch
```

### Verification

Finally, we can run `make` and `make docker-build` to ensure things are working
fine.

## Migrate your API versions

Make sure you understand [Versions in CustomResourceDefinitions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definition-versioning/)
before continuing.

<aside class="note warning">
<h1>Note</h1>

> Currently, the tool do not allow you work with both version of APIs for your resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, the tool does not allow working with both version of APIs for your resources.
```

</aside>

> The following step try to describe an workround for you do are able to upgrade your CRDs and Webhooks. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following step tries to describe a workaround for you to be able to upgrade your CRDs and Webhooks. 
```

The first step would be update your PROJECT file by replacing the `api.crdVersion:v1beta` and `webhooks.WebhookVersion:v1beta` with `api.crdVersion:v1` and `webhooks.WebhookVersion:v1` which would like: 

```ymal
domain: my.domain
layout: go.kubebuilder.io/v3
projectName: example
repo: example
resources:
- api:
    crdVersion: v1
  group: webapp
  kind: Guestbook
  version: v1
  webhooks:
    webhookVersion: v1
version: 3-alpha
```

Now, you can try to re-create APIS(CRDs) and Webhooks manifests by running the commands `kubebuilder create api` and `kubebuilder create webhook` for the same group, kind and versions with the flag `--force`.   

> However, note that the tool will re-scaffold the files which means that you will lose your content. So, before execute the commands be sure that you have its content save in another place. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, note that the tool will re-scaffold the files which means that you will lose your content. So, before execute the commands be sure that you have its content saved in another place. 
```

<h1>Note</h1>

This guide only covers the breaking and most significant changes in the scaffolds. Note that the following steps
will not migrate the API versions which are deprecated `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1`, `admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1`, `cert-manager.io/v1alpha2`.

</aside>

### Update your plugin version into the PROJECT file

Please ensure you have followed the steps to upgrade your Project version to [v3][project-v3]. Then, update the `layout` setting to the new plugin version ` go.kubebuilder.io/v3` as follows:

```ymal
domain: my.domain
layout: go.kubebuilder.io/v3
projectName: example
repo: example
resources:
- api:
    crdVersion: v1beta
  group: webapp
  kind: Guestbook
  version: v1
  webhooks:
    webhookVersion: v1beta
version: 3-alpha
```

### Upgrade the Go version and its dependencies:  

Ensure that your `go.mod` is using the go version `1.15` as the following dependencies versions:

```
go 1.15

require (
	github.com/go-logr/logr v0.3.0
	github.com/onsi/ginkgo v1.14.1
	github.com/onsi/gomega v1.10.2
	k8s.io/api v0.19.2
	k8s.io/apimachinery v0.19.2
	k8s.io/client-go v0.19.2
	sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime v0.7.0
)
```

### Update the golang image 

> In th Dockerfile, replace:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the Dockerfile, replace:
```

```
# Build the manager binary
FROM golang:1.13 as builder
```

With:
```
# Build the manager binary
FROM golang:1.15 as builder
```

### Update your Makefile

> To allow the tool scaffold the new API versions and use properly the new controller-gen, replace:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To allow the scaffolding tool to use the new API versions as well as the new controller-gen, replace:
```

```
CRD_OPTIONS ?= "crd:trivialVersions=true"
```

With:

```
CRD_OPTIONS ?= "crd:trivialVersions=true,preserveUnknownFields=false"
```

> To allow downloading the newer versions of the K8S binaries required by EnvTest in the `bin/` directory of your project instead of use the globally setup, replace:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To allow downloading the newer versions of the K8S binaries required by EnvTest into the `bin/` directory of your project instead of the global setup, replace:
```

	source ${ENVTEST_ASSETS_DIR}/setup-envtest.sh; fetch_envtest_tools $(ENVTEST_ASSETS_DIR); setup_envtest_env $(ENVTEST_ASSETS_DIR); go test ./... -coverprofile cover.out
```

<aside class="note warning">
<h1>Note</h1>

The Kubernetes binaries that are required for the EnvTest were upgraded from `1.16.4` to `1.19.2`. You can still install them globally by running: 

```
os=$(go env GOOS)
arch=$(go env GOARCH)

# download kubebuilder and extract it to tmp
curl -LO https://storage.googleapis.com/kubebuilder-tools/kubebuilder-tools-1.19.2-${os}-${arch}.tar.gz | tar -xz -C /tmp/

# move to a long-term location and put it on your path
# (you'll need to set the KUBEBUILDER_ASSETS env var if you put it somewhere else)
sudo mv /tmp/kubebuilder-tools-1.19.2-${os}-${arch}.tar.gz /usr/local/kubebuilder
export PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/kubebuilder/bin
```

</aside>

- Add the following new target to help you undeploy your projects: 

```
# UnDeploy controller from the configured Kubernetes cluster in ~/.kube/config
undeploy:
	$(KUSTOMIZE) build config/default | kubectl delete -f -
```

> - Update the `docker-build` target to allow you work easily with podman since Podman prefers options before positional arguments, replace:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Update the `docker-build` target to allow you to work easily with podman since Podman prefers options before positional arguments, replace:
```

define go-get-tool
@[ -f $(1) ] || { \
set -e ;\
TMP_DIR=$$(mktemp -d) ;\
cd $$TMP_DIR ;\
go mod init tmp ;\
echo "Downloading $(2)" ;\
GOBIN=$(PROJECT_DIR)/bin go get $(2) ;\
rm -rf $$TMP_DIR ;\
}
endef

```
### Update your controllers

<aside class="note warning">
<h1>Controller-runtime version updated has breaking changes</h1>

Check [sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime release docs from 0.7.0+ version][controller-releases] for breaking changes.

</aside>

Replace:

```go 
func (r *<MyKind>Reconciler) Reconcile(req ctrl.Request) (ctrl.Result, error) {
    ctx := context.Background() 
	log := r.Log.WithValues("cronjob", req.NamespacedName)
```

With:

```go 
func (r *<MyKind>Reconciler) Reconcile(ctx context.Context, req ctrl.Request) (ctrl.Result, error) {
	log := r.Log.WithValues("cronjob", req.NamespacedName)
```

### Change Logger to use flag options

In the `main.go` file replace: 

```go
flag.Parse()

ctrl.SetLogger(zap.New(zap.UseDevMode(true)))
```

With:

```go
opts := zap.Options{
		Development: true,
	}
	opts.BindFlags(flag.CommandLine)
	flag.Parse()

	ctrl.SetLogger(zap.New(zap.UseFlagOptions(&opts))) 
```

### Rename the manager flags

> The manager flags `--metrics-addr` and `enable-leader-election` were renamed for `--metrics-bind-address` and `--leader-elect` to be more aligned with k8s Kubernetes Components. More info: [#1839][issue-1893]. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The manager flags `--metrics-addr` and `enable-leader-election` were renamed to `--metrics-bind-address` and `--leader-elect` to be more aligned with k8s Kubernetes Components. More info: [#1839][issue-1893]. 
```

Replace:

```
USER nonroot:nonroot
```

With:

```
USER 65532:65532
```

- Update your `manager.yaml` manifests in the `config/manager/` directory by adding:

```yaml
...
spec:
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 65532
...
```

```yaml
...
name: manager
securityContext:
  allowPrivilegeEscalation: false

```

The final result would look like:

```yaml
...
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: controller-manager
  namespace: system
  labels:
    control-plane: controller-manager
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      control-plane: controller-manager
  replicas: 1
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        control-plane: controller-manager
    spec:
      securityContext:
        runAsUser: 65532
      containers:
      - command:
        - /manager
        args:
        - --enable-leader-election
        image: controller:latest
        name: manager
        securityContext:
          allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
        resources:
          limits:
            cpu: 100m
            memory: 30Mi
          requests:
            cpu: 100m
            memory: 20Mi
      terminationGracePeriodSeconds: 10
```

### Add the Liveness and Readiness probes

> From now on, the new projects build with the tool will be scaffolding Liveness and Readiness probes using [`healthz.Ping`][healthz-ping]. To add them to your project update your `main.go file:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
From now on, new projects built with the tool will be scaffolding Liveness and Readiness probes using [`healthz.Ping`][healthz-ping]. To add them to your project update your `main.go file:
```

- By adding the new flag `--health-probe-bind-address`:

```go
func main() {
	var metricsAddr string
	var enableLeaderElection bool
	var probeAddr string
	flag.StringVar(&metricsAddr, "metrics-bind-address", ":8080", "The address the metric endpoint binds to.")
	flag.StringVar(&probeAddr, "health-probe-bind-address", ":8081", "The address the probe endpoint binds to.")
	...
``` 

- By using the new flag in the manager: 

```go 
mgr, err := ctrl.NewManager(ctrl.GetConfigOrDie(), ctrl.Options{
		Scheme:                 scheme,
		MetricsBindAddress:     metricsAddr,
		Port:                   9443,
		HealthProbeBindAddress: probeAddr,
		LeaderElection:         enableLeaderElection,
		LeaderElectionID:       "dd1da13f.testproject.org",
	})
	if err != nil {
		setupLog.Error(err, "unable to start manager")
		os.Exit(1)
	}
```

- Then, add the new probe endpoints after the Manager is initialized:

```go

	if err := mgr.AddHealthzCheck("healthz", healthz.Ping); err != nil {
		log.Error(err, "Unable to set up health check")
		os.Exit(1)
	}

	if err := mgr.AddReadyzCheck("readyz", healthz.Ping); err != nil {
		log.Error(err, "Unable to set up ready check")
		os.Exit(1)
	}

```

> Finally, update the `config/default/manager.yaml` to add the probes:

Reviewer 4: Should this be `config/manager/manager.yaml` instead?

Reviewer 5: /test if u think it's good then go for it and test it 
M

Author: I need to fix that. You are right it is `config/manager/manager.yaml`. I will do that.

Author: solved

```

### Roles (RBAC) bug fixes

From now on, the scaffolded roles include finalizer permissions ([more info](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder/issues/1654)). Feel free to add them to your projects. As an example:

```yaml
...
- apiGroups:
  - webapp.my.domain
  resources:
  - guestbooks/finalizers
  verbs:
  - update
...
```

Also, the following `configmaps/status` permission is no longer scaffolded since they are invalid. Feel free to remove it from your `role.yaml` file in `config/rbac/` directory:

```yaml
...
  resources:
  - configmaps/status
  verbs:
  - get
  - update
  - patch
```

### Verification

Finally, we can run `make` and `make docker-build` to ensure things are working
fine.

## Migrate your API versions

Make sure you understand [Versions in CustomResourceDefinitions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definition-versioning/)
before continuing.

<aside class="note warning">
<h1>Note</h1>

Currently, the tool does not allow working with both version of APIs for your resources.

</aside>

The following steps try to describe a workaround for you to be able to upgrade your CRDs and Webhooks.  

> The first step would be update your PROJECT file by replacing the `api.crdVersion:v1beta` and `webhooks.WebhookVersion:v1beta` with `api.crdVersion:v1` and `webhooks.WebhookVersion:v1` which would like: 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The first step would be to update your PROJECT file by replacing the `api.crdVersion:v1beta` and `webhooks.WebhookVersion:v1beta` with `api.crdVersion:v1` and `webhooks.WebhookVersion:v1` which would look like: 
```

```ymal
domain: my.domain
layout: go.kubebuilder.io/v3
projectName: example
repo: example
resources:
- api:
    crdVersion: v1
  group: webapp
  kind: Guestbook
  version: v1
  webhooks:
    webhookVersion: v1
version: 3-alpha
```

Now, you can try to re-create APIS(CRDs) and Webhooks manifests by running the commands `kubebuilder create api` and `kubebuilder create webhook` for the same group, kind and versions with the flag `--force`.   

> However, note that the tool will re-scaffold the files which means that you will lose your content. So, before execute the commands be sure that you have its content saved in another place. 

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
However, note that the tool will re-scaffold the files which means that you will lose your content. So, before executing the commands be sure that you have its content saved in another place. 
```

Author: fixed. Tks.
